this is a really commonly asked question
in my comments how do you stay motivated
hmm this is a big one for me I try to
focus on what my goals are really focus
on what I want to do for my family I
come from a first-generation low-income
family so I just focus on what my dreams
and aspirations are because I want to
make a better life for myself
that's awesome it's good to always have
a goal in mind at the end like for me
during high school it was college after
college for me it's probably gonna be
some med school so having a goal in mind
kind of helps you keep you motivated and
keeps you on track of where you should
be I think you have to also have fun and
I think if you're having fun and not
just putting all of your energy just
into studying but kind of having also a
little bit of a social life whether it's
clubs whether it's just grabbing lunch
every few days with friends parties
whatever you like to do I think it's
very important so you don't burn
yourself out and you realize that there
is a balance that's so true when you're
staying the library every single day it
gets a little depressing yeah it does it
does just looking at the books and the
shelves that's your only friend yeah I
need a lot of motivation to keep myself
studying and for me it was watching
inspirational videos on YouTube oh yeah
nice yeah I would watch like all kinds
of stuff in English and Japanese like
people that I look up to for example the
CEO of Softbank graduated UC Berkeley
and I listened to some of his speeches
and they always motivate me because it's
not just about getting to UC Berkeley or
getting to a certain point but it's
about how you improve yourself to get to
that point and I think I really wanted
to improve myself which was the reason
that I could really motivate myself to
study more that's awesome that connected
with me because like that's what I do
too when I have free time I just watch
youtube videos of like interviews it
gets you through the hard time for me it
was really easy to work hard and like CC
in high school cuz I knew I had the end
goal it's like getting to a good school
so that was always what I looked at and
I wasn't really my parents pushing it on
me I'm just a really competitive person
I like to win so like the whole College
process for me was like trying to get to
the
and I think I did so yeah I'll come back
to answer that but I want to change it
first because it's like in college I
think this is the time in your life to
find that thing that doesn't require you
to stay motivated right like find your
passion I find that thing that you love
to do like let's say that thing that
you're always procrastinating on maybe
that's the thing you love I love
literature black literature and black
culture and history and theory for me
that doesn't really feel like work so
I'm in graduate school and it really
just feels like this is what I want to
do with my time but coming back to the
question on how do you stay motivated
connecting with people who are
like-minded I think is a great way so
some people feel really good when
they're in a competitive community keep
being their best selves other people
feel really good like I feel really good
when I'm in a supportive community so if
I'm feeling unmotivated or if I'm
feeling down on myself I like to be
around people who encourage me they say
like hey you know you're good at this
you can do this finding that balance for
yourself is really important as Luke the
Stanford PhD said the most important
thing to stay motivated is to find
something that doesn't really require
you to stay motivated but how do you
actually do that it's such a big
question and my tip for you is to try
new things things you've never done
before and that's why I got Skillshare
to sponsor this video skill sure is an
online learning community with thousands
of classes covering dozens of topics
from creative ones to entrepreneurial
ones it's funny because I edited my
first video while watching YouTube
tutorials and Skillshare classes it took
me 20 hours here's the course I watch
it's called DIY cinematography make your
videos look like a movie it's gonna
teach you everything you need to know to
make your first video so whatever skills
you want to learn Skillshare probably
has it and the best part is it's
incredibly affordable with annual
subscriptions cost you less than $10 per
month that's like two coffees if you
want to find your passion you can sign
up using the link in the description for
a two month free trial on Skillshare my
name is Safi cool and i just want to say
keep hustling and stay motivated click
that subscribe button and then
vacation button because new campus Krell
videos are coming to you soon
peace